
Stage: Starting
# 1. Questions

* Is our sound good enough?
* Should we have our first big concert?

# 2. Ideas

* Make our first concert
* Upload the song to spotify

# 3. Tasks

* This Friday have a session with some new sound ideas, because in that way we can show that session in our instagram and know our fans reaction.

# 4. Traction

* Number of songs of latin music (1)
* Small concert assistant in March (56)
    * Most of the feedback were positive
    * They wanted to ear more
* Number of followers and subscribers. (341)
* Number of views of the video. (1,231)
* Number of likes of the video. (134 vs 7)
* Comments in the video. (98)
    * Fans love our sound.
    * Fans says that they can feel like they where in a autentic latin party

# 5. Answers

* How much time am I going to spend on this project?
    * Since March in total we dedicate 23 hours per week including all the members.
* What are the members of the band?
    * We have a band of 5 members. (Mateus is not any more with us)
* Can we make rock music?
    * In December of 2020 we decided to move into latin music since we all have latin origins and we actually love to make latin music.
    * We can but is way more easy to us to make latin music.
* What are the type of music we love and can do? 
    * After three months we are very happy and very good doing Latin music.
* What is our target market?
    * People living in Sydney from 23 years to 45 years old with Latin american origins.

# 6. Pitch Deck

1. Problem
    * There are not Latin music in Sydney.
2. Solution
    * We are going to make latin music.
    * And generate a comunity of people who are interested in latin music.
    * Making visible the comunity to the rest of the country.
3. Traction
    * Stats of our growth
4. Product
    * New songs every 3 months.
5. Market Size
    * People living in Sydney from 23 years to 45 years old with Latin american origins.
    * 179,951 (Wikipedia)
6. Business Model
    * Ads in our Youtube videos and Spotify music.
    * Tickets in small concerts
7. Underlying Magic
    * We have some good mentors from Colombia and Cuba that are the best latin music artists.
8. Competition
    * Famous latin music artists that are not from Australia.
9. Marketing Plan
    * Youtube videos and Spotify music.
    * Small concerts
10. Team Slide
    * 5 members names and origins.